21.5.26 copied from other python repo 
-r : makes it only look in this module and parents, not anywhere else
load_dotenv : makes the whole thing look for the .env file in this and parent directorys 
active virtual env: source "VENV NAME"/bin/activate
when you want to start a venv with a premade list of environments you can set up a .txt file that names them:
reqs.txt that would contain (for example)
msal 
requests
python-dotenv
//
then once your in your venv you run:
pip install -r reqs.txt
//
-r means read from file 

21.5.26
Venv Files breakdown: 
Venv: virtual envrionment (which apparently need activating)
venvs dont work like anybody else says. unfortunately ive had to use ai for this. 
to make a venv (in this example outlook-test) then we use: 
python3 -m venv outlook-test
and then to activate that virtual envrinment
source outlook-test/bin/activate
This needs to be done from the source, not from CD'd inside the directory, for some reason. 

28.5.26
But how do i get it to fucking run? ok so here's how running stuff works, at least as far as i am currently concerned:
top right you go to terminal and open a new terminal. That will dump you in the classic root position of a normal terminal but in some context for the visual studio code environment i guess? 
anyway so youll probably be sat at something like malwar-eserver@malware-server-ThinkPad-T480:...
You want to CD into whatever folder system your thing is in. like below: 
malware-server@malware-server-ThinkPad-T480:~/Watcher Agent$ cd src
malware-server@malware-server-ThinkPad-T480:~/Watcher Agent/src$ cd src
bash: cd: src: No such file or directory
malware-server@malware-server-ThinkPad-T480:~/Watcher Agent/src$ cd src/src
bash: cd: src/src: No such file or directory
malware-server@malware-server-ThinkPad-T480:~/Watcher Agent/src$ cd "pre 24.6.26

as you can see, it figures it out. 

Next you set up the VENV so it's actually got stuff, using the steps above
then in the venv you run: pip install -r reqs.txt 
That is, if you have the reqs.txt file settup. Some places seem to not have done that (I.E on your rig).

This has introduced the problem that i must have not fully installed python or something on my laptop (i remember that being a back and forth issue before) because in the reqs is msal but 
then when i try and run it it says sure you have python3-full installed. No wait it's giving me an error about externally-managed-environments... google time me thinks. 
Also one thing to note: to get out of a virtual environment you just want to type: 
deactivate
this will get you out of the VENV

So, at the end of all of that. I've also discovered a few issues with just the process of putting python stuff together. First off is obviously managing different generations of versions etc.
Big emphasis on having it structured properly as you got. If possible keep everything related in the one folder, inside that keep one solid folder of everything that works and a detailed
description of how that runs inside the script itself. With all the loose odds and ends you can then make the file structure more confusing and eventually land on a way that works for you
for me, ive just got folders with tested-work and tested-dont work while i figure out better catagorisation. inside that i have stuff by date and just need to figure out use of title nomenclature
and readmes to make that work properly, then figure out how to implement git to make it work properly because fucking fuck this is a pain. Anyway, i have now clearly marked which one works
properly, or atleast appeared to work properly. Im getting a bit more token fuckery but for now i think it's going to be alright. I have then saved everyhing as V1 and V2 of the watcher agent's.
Hopefull ill get a working one before v10 or else im going to destroy my capacity at filing. Or atleast i hope that i can sort out the git system before then, hopefully thatd make it easier. 

What else have i learned? well the venvs continue to be a pain, and they are effectively just a seperate file structure that hijacks the root command before it can do root stuff in order to stop it
running to my machine, instead running to venv/bin. Because of this i need to make sure that i put one venv folder in at the same time as the source code and then signpost it properly when your doing stuff
in the terminal line. In theory that means:
# This tells Python to run the module within the context of the project root
python -m src.modules.email_parser 
or something like that ^^^
basically find the right thing to put in the BASH version and run it and maybe thatll do a venv properly. 

Any other lessons? More just notes for next time: 
Make sure to update the venv stuff
update the requirements.txt file to have more stuff as theres a few missing dependencies. 

Game plan for tomorrow: 
switch off the power automate system and just feed it dummy emails by hand. Once that's done it will be good to go and you can troubleshoot all the other issues and start adding features. 
move files over to rig 
boot it all on rig
stitch the "token pull + poll" code together with the "test ai agent" codo and then add the "uploader" code at the end. 
debug that
Break it up into modules that pass things along, finishing at the uploader#
debug
try and get it to run in the background. 
debug
look into having it run on the computer and then hand stuff to the rig over network ports. 
